I got just the thing don't go anywhere
next long battery life I was not kidding
take a look at this HP pavilion this is
the DV 61 240 us this is an
entertainment notebook and it has a 12
cell battery I mean come on are you ever
gonna run out about it if I don't know
you're gonna you're gonna have a lot of
time to watch all your HD movies get all
your homework done you know I can't
think of anything you can't do with this
notebook so let me tell you a little bit
more about it first of all it runs on
the 2.1 gigahertz intel core 2 duo t65
hundred processor you have four gigs of
memory ddr2 RAM you have a 320 gig hard
drive at 5400 rpm comes fully equipped
with vista home premium 64-bit you don't
have to worry about loading it on here
comes pre-loaded you'll graphics media
accelerator 4500mhd DVD burner with
LightScribe and look at this you have a
16 inch display and this is actually a
wxga high-def display with a 1366 x 768
resolution it's perfect for HD movies
you got that 16 by 9 aspect ratio I
cannot wait to watch some movies on here
you also have 802 11 ABG and n wireless
so surfing the web checking the internet
all in the high speed possible n not
going to be a problem at all and this
whole notebook is it's really not too
heavy I would say the battery is
actually the heaviest part but it weighs
just over 6 pounds okay and it's
portable and it really is going to
fulfill all of your entertainment needs
so let's go along and start with our
tour starting up top here in the bezel
you have a 1.3 megapixel HP webcam which
is perfect for skyping your gchatting
your video chatting you know it's it's
great my little sister just went off to
college and we were video chatting the
other day so this webcam will definitely
come in handy moving along again you
have your 16 inch WXGA hi-def screen and
then along here you'll see you have
these altec lansing
stereo sound speakers and the speakers
on these actually they are really high
quality it's perfect for listening to
all of your music also along the front
you also see you have your control panel
for your power your volume and your
wireless on and off right here on the
front panel okay moving down below
you'll see you have a full-size keyboard
along with a numeric keypad and take a
look the further we get the more you see
the design elements come out we we just
see this nice piano black finish with
these stripes these silver stripes
coming through and you have these swirls
on the other side the design is actually
it's really hip really cool okay so you
have a touch pad right here with your
left click and you're right click and a
scrolling bar also your mouse lock right
above that so let's move on to the side
right here you have your DVD burner with
LightScribe you also have two USB 2.0
ports right here your modem and your
Kensington lock now let's go to the
other side so right here you have your
Express slot and we're going to open up
the Express slot and you'll see out pops
a remote control so this means you can
have access to all of your music your
movies you can even surf the web all
with this remote control so you can be
chilling in your bed and actually enjoy
all the entertainment that comes on this
laptop alright so you also have your
multi card reader right here this is for
your SD your ms your MMC your XD your
memory stick Pro cards all fit on fit
into this card reader you have a USB 2.0
port right here then my favorite part of
them all the East data USB combo you got
an hdmi port so you can easily hook up
to a flat screen your Ethernet your
docking station port and your VGA port
now I'm going to close this laptop show
you the front cover design and you can
see the swirls HP was feeling very
creative when they made the design for
this laptop and I just like it's really
funky it's really modern it's fresh and
I like the black and silver so the two
tone is totally working for me now let's
flip on over and
as promised you got to see this 12 cell
battery it is absolutely enormous look
at it stick out actually it acts as a
stand almost it props up your laptop
it's that big so typing is a little
easier and this is a 12 cell battery you
know most laptops they really come with
like six cells some come with nine so
this is actually a 12 so so battery life
not going to be a problem at all so
there you have it this is the HP
pavilion this is the DV 6 12 40 US
laptop and if you're looking for laptop
with battery life and something that's
going to fit all of your entertainment
needs and more check this out I'm Sam
see you guys next time for more
information on the HP pavilion dv6 1240
us just visit any of these major
retailers and type in H 2516 102 into
the search box for computertv i'm sam
you